Update the log redaction documentation (#18487)
pingcap/docs: tiflash/tiflash-configuration.md

## Security settings take effect starting from v4.0.5.
[security]

>     ## New in v5.0. This configuration item enables or disables log redaction. Value options: `true`, `false`, `"on"`, `"off"` and `"marker"`. The `"on"`, `"off"` and `"marker"` options are introduced in v8.2.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ## New in v5.0. This configuration item enables or disables log redaction. Value options: `true`, `false`, `"on"`, `"off"`, and `"marker"`. The `"on"`, `"off"`, and `"marker"` options are introduced in v8.2.0.
```

>     ## The default value is `false` or `"off"`, which means that log redaction is disabled.

Reviewer: Make wording consistent with that in the following line 312.
```suggestion
    ## If the configuration item is set to `false` or `"off"`, log redaction is disabled.
```

    snap-handle-pool-size = 2

[security]

>     ## New in v5.0. This configuration item enables or disables log redaction. Value options: `true`, `false`, `"on"`, `"off"` and `"marker"`. The `"on"`, `"off"` and `"marker"` options are introduced in v8.3.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ## New in v5.0. This configuration item enables or disables log redaction. Value options: `true`, `false`, `"on"`, `"off"`, and `"marker"`. The `"on"`, `"off"`, and `"marker"` options are introduced in v8.3.0.
```
